[Music]
hi everybody today we will see how to
make onion chicken the indeed Elsa
chicken pieces 1/2 kg small onion or
shallots 1 cup finely chopped tomato 1
slit green chilli 3 numbers
ginger-garlic paste 2 TSP Kashmir red
chilli powder 1 tbsp coriander powder 1
tbsp garam masala powder 1 TSP turmeric
powder 1/2 a tsp salt oil 2 tbsp and
some water now add chopped tomatoes
green chilli ginger garlic paste red
chilli powder coriander powder garam
masala powder turmeric powder and salt
to the chicken and mix well keep it
aside for 10 minutes meanwhile grind
shallots into a fine paste shallots or
onion paste is ready 10 minutes over now
heat oil in a pan and cook chicken
pieces
place the lid and cook till it becomes
soft
keep the flame in made him on heat oil
in another pan and salt onion paste
syllogism down envelop color has changed
put off the plane now it is become soft
it's time for us to add onion paste mix
well
add a little water and cook for two
minutes two minutes over it's ready now
add some coriander leaves mix well and
so onion chicken is ready you can have
this aside it for rice or chapatti try
this and give us a feedback